The ground cracks open suddenly. We fall inside a deep underground cave. 
"Miu lady," I hold on onto my glasses, "what are we to do?"
She swipes her hand and her irises flash yellow. "I gotchya!" Now we gently descend.
We set our feet in an ancient throne room. The dark walls glow ominous scarlet. Cracks are here and there, but the polished stone still shines. I can see reflections.
A ruby shines from the wall right above the throne. Its radiant shine attracts her and she simply grabs it.
I feel like I know what is going to happen.
Unsurprisingly, a warrior statue comes alive, sending vibrations during the process.
"Miau," she cries in surprise, holding the gem firmly. 
This ain't good.
"We've gotta do something," I shout. 
She smirks, puts the ruby in one hand and casts a fireball with another one.
The fireball collides with the stone statue harmlessly and the latter keeps progressing on us.
She points her finger away "Look, sword!"
Indeed, there is a sword on the wall. A huge sword. There is no way I can lift it, but I have no choice. I come forth and grab its handle. I feel power overflowing me. I snatch it off the wall and charge at the statue. Easily blocking its attack, I swing my cleaver and crush the golem to pieces.
A massive earthquake starts. I grab her with the free hand and run to the exit.
We rush through the frightening corridors, but come across a huge stone gate. I swing my sword at it and it breaks. We run inside.
Here the firm walls of iron hold the metal ceiling stable as the path behind us collapses. I put her down and look around. But she dashes forward and I follow her. As I rush, my arm goes weak and the cleaver falls down. It breaks to pieces.
She gets into a room and puts the ruby on a pedestal.
"Nya..." she says, as she looks around the flickering blue lights all around the place.
I am amazed. "An underground laboratory, with nyapocalyptic design, all to ourselves?" I catch her in my arms and press her close. She does not resist. "We're mowing in!"

We eat pancakes under the tree. It is still day, sunny and warm. I smile calmly and my gray tail slowly moves. "It was fun."
She giggles.
I lean against the tree. She curls and rests her head on my lap. I close my eyes and enjoy the bliss.

Ending 9: Talk to her
